The biggest complaint that I have with STEM is the education that's involved.
How you present these complex situations to the people that
want to learn about it. And I have to admit right now it's pretty terrible.
For instance programming. Programming can be easy if you have
someone who can teach you, if you find a really good website, then
it can be a very enjoyable experience. However, I think that there
are many places that you can learn computer science from or ways that
you can learn computer science that are gonna be very difficult, and
it doesn't need to be. One of the reasons that I'm learning education
is to make those things easy. You open up a math book and chances
are that that math book has been taught by, has been written by one
of the leading mathematicians. You know he's one of the top of his
field that's why he has the authority to write this book. However,
not all the best mathematicians make the best teachers, and I think
specifically for engineering and for STEM, you need the best teachers,
the best, the ones who know how to relay the information the best,
not just the best in the field. You can be a so-so mathematician,
but as long as you can help somebody who doesn't know about it to know
it is well as you, then those are the people that should be teaching
and right now that's just not the case.